that's disgusting music because I'm more
interested in that than this it's fine
so before I get into makeup I like
putting some lip injections in I'm poor
I can't do a Kylie Jenner does so I
can't get real lip injections so I have
to use this stuff it's fine
I mean I find the harder you push it
into your lips the more it works
so here's the deal white people we're
not blessed with lips
we have no look at this we don't have
lips so we just have to fake it till we
make it or pay a lot of money for
someone to just shove crap in there but
again I'm poor I'm going to college soon
I can't afford that
I like starting out with the eyes
because it's just easier and faster
I mean like what can I say I like using
the Urban Decay eyeshadow primer I look
like a dude oh my god like if you don't
prime your eyelids for your eyeshadow
you need to get out of 2002 okay because
that whole like in your eye frickin area
there the crease look wouldn't it's all
greasy and everything's there it's not
look you can say it's a little ugh okay
just cuz cut creases or it doesn't mean
you can get away with it that's not a
cut crease that's just a greasy crease
okay I'm listening to Halsey and there's
a photo for doing cocaine so I feel like
I need to go do cocaine to be like
Halsey demonetized
you're just you're done you're done
demonic eye I just that's it I quit
YouTube again part two
bye I'm using the meat matte nude
palette bitch come on come on there you
go this palette it's nice like me am I
really that white oh my god that one all
over your eye
see I like using the sweet colored
eyeshadows because then it makes you
look sweet even if you're a cold-hearted
bitch like me like you you look sweet at
least you know like that you're done
it matches your cheeks I don't know why
I'm so red but I am there's gonna be a
few youtube comments like I wish she'd
get her hair out of her eye so I can see
what she's doing
why don't you make youtube videos duh be
like damn you really know what you're
talking about make your own cuz clearly
I can't do whatever you wanted me to do
I'm gonna take Lombardy I want to say
Lamborghini every time I see this word
but it's not actually it's not yeah I
know sort of just said bitch put
that crap in the beginning of your eyes
middle part right there oh yeah not
Rawson oh what's a white boy name
something I can pronounce that one we're
gonna put that on the outer edge of our
eye and blend it into our crease to add
some depth depth of field into our eyes
you know so we're just gonna go that way
oh my god I swear I washed my hair last
night I don't know why she's so greasy
and why she's trying to hate me so much
but she's a hair instead of spending
hours putting concealer and foundation
and like color correctors to try to like
help that out instead what you do
okay watch this you take eyeshadow brown
eyeshadow or whatever dark eyeshadow you
want you take that and you just you put
it under on top of your bags uh-huh
hey-up just get it all in there make all
the faces you need to make a boom make
it part of the look and then just blend
it into the
outer edge like that no one will know
they'll all think you planned it and
that it was hot and that you look
amazing when in reality you're hiding
your under-eye bags like it's not not
the best trick in the world like I just
educated so many people oh my god if you
learn anything from this video can it
just be to blend your eyeshadow out I
can't stand when I see people talking
and they have patchy eye shadow if
you're gonna be a ho and you're gonna be
one of those bitches that talk at
least have your eye shadow be blended
out so then you don't look stupid okay
thank you that's it that's all I wanted
to say I hate foundation and I hate
concealer I just I hate it I don't know
why but I do it is like the worst thing
in the whole entire world to ever come
into existence but hot people don't have
gross skin so I'm gonna use the Lancome
this I don't know every beauty guru
is happening up like four months six
months ago I don't know like when I
stopped making YouTube videos oh my god
I put too much on it's fine I'm just
gonna use a teeny bit on one of the tiny
ass and beauty blenders I have and just
go in where I'm a little bit bad where I
need a little bit of that boo skin
though so I like putting foundation just
where I have problem areas instead doing
the whole face cuz then it looks more
natural and like hot people are just
actually beautiful after the 50 billion
dollars they spent on plastic surgery
here's the thing I don't really give a
about my eyebrows cuz like they
don't show any time so I just use some
eyebrow gel then except this contour and
highlighting I use this brush because
this contour because I'm a fat ho okay
and I'm hungry all the time so if it
smells like chocolate I
I'm like oh my god that's also good like
oh my god and then like I don't actually
have to eat chocolate you know I hate
having a double chin why am I so I
believe I'm using my girl Becca today
Becca what color backup Becca Becca Wow
I do the tip of my nose in the top of my
nose once you look like a glazed
doughnut you know you're going the right
track so I got this is a sample three
years ago and I'm just now using it make
up forevers let's see if it works again
you got that white girl curse as I call
it meaning you don't have lips crying so
I have no top lip but you know what
whatever it's fine okay not everyone has
a top lip and I'm kidding I'm
not repeating that if it wasn't in focus
it's not my fault I have another hack
for you guys that's just gonna blow you
away you're not gonna know what to do
with yourselves when you find this out
alright once you curl your lashes don't
be afraid because you think you're gonna
rip them off like that's some
okay Lake your mascara this is some
cheap-ass one because I'm not spending
more than four dollars on mascara if you
do that you're crazy do this from your
nose like underneath your nose right and
tilt your head back honestly if you get
some on your lower lashes that's fine
you know why it covers your dark circle
bag area hell yeah and then you just
take your hair down like that and then
you're not ugly anymore isn't it amazing
what makeup can do for you it can fix
you from being back to back yeah hope
you guys enjoy this video if you did
subscribe or something I'll know
I don't have anything else to say I'm
kind of boring but at least I'm not ugly
like that's the worst combo is being
boring and ugly at least I'm just boring
like mm-hmm
okay bye